today we're reviewing the 2015 Ford
Escape SC the escape is one of the most
popular SUVs on the roads today
with more and more being sold every year
the car is comfortable quiet and you
remain in control even at high speeds we
drove over 3,000 miles in this car and I
would say it's very fuel-efficient for
an SUV we averaged about 25 miles per
gallon
sometimes the brakes can be a little bit
too sensitive so while you're getting
used to it you want to make sure that
you're constantly checking to make sure
there's no cars too close behind you
when you're stopping
the car has plenty of power for an SUV
but the one concern so far is that the
turbo does not always react to the gas
pedal quickly enough displays are really
good and very easy to understand there's
two trip infos in settings and each of
those is easy and has a ton of
information the Ford Escape comes
equipped with Ford's Sync which works
perfectly to play music any way you like
it
whether it's their USB Bluetooth or
auxilary you can stream your music
however you choose and the best part is
it works well with both iPhone and
Android the dash is pretty simple and
you'll be able to understand what each
and every button does as far as cargo
space goes there's plenty of it and the
seats fold down flat so that you can
create even more the panoramic sunroof
lets in a lot of light and it makes the
cabin feel incredibly spacious overall
the 2015 Ford Escape is stylish
functional and a great family car if
you'd like you can call it a family
Mustang with a great amount of power
handling and room where you enjoy
driving every time after turning your
key and starting the engine